# Blue Data Consulting
Documentation for Blue Data Consulting Website.

## File Structure

The project consists of the following files and directories:
1. **/public/**:
   - Contains public assets and files:
      - `index.html`: Main HTML file serving as the entry point of the application.
      - `logo40.png`: Logo image used in the project.
      - `manifest.json`: Manifest file for Progressive Web App (PWA) configuration.
      - `robots.txt`: Text file for configuring web crawler behavior.


2. **/src/assets/**:
   - This directory contains static assets such as images used in the project. It's a common practice to keep assets separate from code for better organization.


3. **/src/components/**:
   - This directory contains reusable React components that are used across different pages of the application. These components may include things like headers, footers, navigation bars, buttons, and other UI elements.
     - `Homepage.js`: Represents the homepage of the application.
     - `About.js`: Represents the about page.
     - `Contact.js`: Represents the contact page.


4. **/src/pages/**:
   - This directory contains React components representing different pages of the application. Each page component typically corresponds to a specific route defined in the routing configuration.
      - **About**: About page components.
         - **About.js**: Main component for the About page.
         - **Hero.js**: Hero section component.
         - **Section.js**: Additional sections or subsections of the About page.
      - **Analytics**: Analytics page component.
         - **Analytics.js**: Main component for the Analytics page.
      - **Article**: Article page components.
         - **Article1.js**, **Article2.js**, **Article3.js**: Components for different articles.
      - **Career**: Career page component.
         - **Career.js**: Main component for the Career page.
      - **Contact**: Contact page components.
         - **Contact.js**: Main component for the Contact page.
         - **FormSection.js**: Component for the contact form section.
         - **Team.js**: Component for displaying team members.
      - **Homepage**: Homepage components.
         - **AnimatedComponent.js**: Component for animated elements on the homepage.
         - **Article.js**: Component for displaying articles on the homepage.
         - **Hero.js**: Hero section component.
         - **Homepage.js**: Main component for the homepage.
         - **Intro.js**: Introduction section component.
         - **Services.js**: Component for displaying services offered.
         - **Testimonals.js**: Component for displaying testimonials.
      - **Scaling**: Scaling page component.
         - **Scaling.js**: Main component for the Scaling page.
      - **Tech**: Tech page component.
         - **Tech.js**: Main component for the Tech page.


5. **App.js**:
   - This file is the main component of the application. It defines the routing configuration using React Router. It maps specific routes to their corresponding page components.


6. **index.js**:
   - This file is the entry point of the application. It renders the root component (`App`) into the DOM and configures any necessary settings or libraries.


7. **index.css**:
   - This file contains global styles for the application. It may include CSS rules that apply to the entire application, such as typography, color schemes, layout styles, etc.


8. **tailwind.config.js**:
   - This file is the configuration file for Tailwind CSS. It allows you to customize the default configuration of Tailwind CSS, such as adding new colors, extending existing utility classes, or configuring purge settings for production builds.


## Deploying 

1. **Build Your React Application:**
   - Open a terminal window.
   - Navigate to your React project directory.
   - Run the following command to build your application for production:
     
     ```bash 
     npm run build 
     ```
   - This command generates a `build` folder containing optimized static assets for deployment.

2. **Access cPanel File Manager:**
   - Log in to your cPanel hosting account.
   - Navigate to the File Manager section.

3. **Upload Build Files to public_html:**
   - In the File Manager, locate the `public_html` directory.
   - Open the `public_html` directory and upload the contents of the `build` folder (generated by `npm run build`).
   - Ensure that all files and folders from the `build` directory are uploaded to the root of the `public_html` directory.

4. **Verify Deployment:**
   - Once you've uploaded your files, visit your domain in a web browser to verify that your React application is deployed successfully.

5. **Testing:**
   - Test all the functionalities of your application to ensure that everything is working as expected in the production environment.

By following these steps, you should be able to deploy your React website on cPanel successfully using the build command.

